What if I told you that most of your
beliefs about money aren't true what
have you been learning the rules of
checkers when you really need to be
learning chess
well like chess life is a game and those
who don't know how to play are destined
to fail but those who master the game
money will be able to realize well it's
at an early age and live a life more
enjoyable than any video game could ever
simulate but here's a problem where do
you start to learn these pivotal money
skills as we already know school does
nothing to educate its students on
financial literacy or entrepreneurship
so we are limited to learning our money
beliefs from our parents or friends and
unless your family and friends have
built successful businesses and have
cultivated their own financial skills
then your chances of adopting the money
skills you'll need to become rich or low
putting it bluntly people who learn
their money skills from other poor
people are destined to live a life of
financial mediocrity on the flip side it
is not uncommon to see people who are
raised around wealth become wildly
successful because from a young age they
have had solid financial teachings
bestowed upon them as of 2019 it's
reported that 78% of Americans are
living paycheck to paycheck which means
that they likely have next to no assets
and are drowning in debt that's
basically four out of every five people
in the United States who are struggling
financially and when you add in another
10 or 15 percent of Americans we're
living up best in the middle class it
leaves just a minut amount of people
truly living a wealthy lifestyle now we
all probably have different definitions
of being wealthy but my definition is
when you have enough money that you
never have to work again while
maintaining a lifestyle you enjoy and as
a statistic show very few people are
wealthy so why are so many people
struggling here's the problem
growing up the majority of us are given
the set of instructions that will
provide us a stable life well the
details can vary these instructions
typically are as follows graduate high
school go to college
find a nine-to-five job work for 40
years and then hope you have enough
money saved to retire what the
instructions fail to point out is how
hard it will be to pay off all that
college debt how agonizing those 40
years were
we'll be if you have a bad boss and how
even with strict saving you may not have
enough money at sixty-five to retire the
sad reality is that the standard
blueprint is followed by so many people
leading them into a life barely getting
by which is why millions of Americans
are living paycheck to paycheck now I
don't know about you but I want more for
my life than just getting by which leads
as to why these set of instructions have
led us astray if you took a look at
those instructions a little bit more
closely you would see an asterisks and a
set of fine print out of the bottom of
the page this fine print would say by
following these instructions you are
trading in your opportunity for wealth
and immense success for a life of
predictable income and security now I
know you clicked on this video because
you wanted to learn how to become rich
in an early age and I can understand why
it's a lot more fun to drive around
under your Ferrari in your 20s then when
you're 80 and have to struggle to get in
your car but the first thing I will tell
you is that there is no secret they'll
make you wealthy overnight understand
that when you see gurus on YouTube
telling you that you can make twenty
thousand dollars a month in your first
month of dropshipping save yourself the
time and move on to the next video the
truth is you already possess within you
what you need to become rich you possess
exactly what companies like Apple and
Amazon have used to become
billion-dollar businesses what you have
inside you is more than enough to allow
you to earn as much as you want and live
the lifestyle you could only dream of
but the issue is very few people harness
this power this power exists in the
power of ideas Amazon started with the
idea of selling books online and is now
one of the biggest companies on the
planet
sadly no where in your instruction
manual do you see the advice to come up
with ideas and pursue them endlessly
this is why to become rich while you're
young you will have to throw away those
instructions and blaze your own path
well this may disappoint some people in
your life you know that those
instructions didn't lead anyone else who
follow them to financial success so why
would they work any better for you
Einstein once said insanity is doing the
same thing over and over and expecting
different results if your parents or
friends were poor because they followed
the state
lifestyle then by you following this
same path you too will be destined for
financial struggles no boss maybe
strange to listen to a guy I making
animated videos on YouTube when it comes
to deciding how to formulate your whole
life and quite frankly I expect you to
be skeptical up until now you have
probably been following this defined
path but the status quo isn't always the
best option and it certainly isn't if
you want to become rich at an early age
if you do find yourself following this
set of instructions just know that for
almost all of my life I was too both my
parents graduated high school went to
college and then got jobs following the
instructions to a tee and when I was
born they passed along those same
instructions to me for one thing I can
tell you is that following this plan
didn't allow them or myself to live a
wealthy lifestyle always having to make
frugal decisions despite putting in
countless hours at work each and every
week but the difference between my
parents generation and ours is that
technology has now made these
instructions obsolete people are
harnessing the power of the Internet to
work less make more and realize all of
their financial aspirations this is why
affiliate marketers are making tens of
thousands of dollars a month and white
oil reviewers on YouTube are making a
million or more dollars a year none of
these people are following the typical
mold yet they are seeing a hundred times
the financial results of those who have
bought into the archaic model of living
so if you want to become rich at a young
age begin to look around at other young
people who are living the lifestyle you
want to live and see how they are
earning their income chances are they
have thrown out their instruction manual
and have pursued ideas that wall against
the norm have yielded them immense
success it's now time for you to leave
your old path behind and blaze a new one
thanks for watching if you want to go
from the life you have to the life you
deserve then hit the subscribe button
below